Starting page layout and format fixes (#241)
DHP-stottepakke/pages: pages/dmp_supporting_info/support_00_dmp_requirements.md

* [European Commission. (Version 5.0, 01 May 2025). Horizon Europe Programme Guide: Open Science](https://ec.europa.eu/info/funding-tenders/opportunities/docs/2021-2027/horizon/guidance/programme-guide_horizon_en.pdf "2025-08-20")
> Chapter 17. Open Science - excerpts from the Programme Guide (p.42ff):
> * Research data management (RDM) is mandatory in Horizon Europe for projects generating or reusing data. If you expect to generate or reuse data and/or other research outputs (except for publications), please see relevant details in the proposal template.
> * For those work programmes that require the use of the European Open Science Cloud (EOSC) federated repositories, proposers should explicitly discuss the use of such repositories in their proposals.

> > * RDM, in line with the FAIR principles is a requirement that should be carried out regardless of whether the data generated and re-used in the project is intended to be openly accessible, or if access restrictions are foreseen. FAIR data is not equivalent to open data (publicly available to everyone to access and reuse). Data can, and should be FAIR even when access is restricted.RDM and the FAIR principles can be applied to research outputs other than data (i.e. workflows, protocols, software, samples, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In line with the FAIR principles, RDM is a requirement that should be carried out regardless of whether the data generated and reused in the project is intended to be openly accessible or if access restrictions are foreseen. FAIR data is not equivalent to open data (i.e. publicly available to everyone to access and reuse). Data can, and should, be FAIR even when access is restricted. RDM and the FAIR principles can be applied to research outputs other than data (e.g. workflows, protocols, software, samples).
```
